Time Travel
===========

Let me ask you a question.

What is the difference between apple and blueberry pie?  Well, one is apple and the other is blueberry right?  Sure, they differ by one dimension.  How about if I told you that one was cooked ah 300 degrees and the other one at 400?  Is that a second dimension?  Hopefully you can see where I am going with this.  Most of us have picked vision, sight, or seeing as perception.  Not only of trust but also of perception.  There are infinite number of dimensions by that logic, or a number that we cannot perceive based on our senses.  What would make time any different?  Making a counter argument here, would mean that all dimensions are the same including time, or what we current perceive is not spatial.

When you walked around before you just got there, how many dimensions did you attempt to move through?  Probably at max four.  If you understand what I am saying then smelling brownies on the way there make fifth dimension.  We perceive a number of "senses" (sight, sound, pain, temperature, touch, empathy, etc...) which could be construded as dimensions or multiple ones.  Could precieving the aroma of brownies and cookies be a single dimension or two (a particular level of each).  [Some of those we never consider changing, or do not mind if they do. location = good change, which things should be the same. Maybe I am tarking about changing the whole world but keeping you the same, instead of just changing xyz position.  Time travel is a device to change the universe, literally you would need a device to change the universe to time travel. Thats why there are spacial based time machines.  Send a "whole world" back in time, and outsiders stay the same.  When you have that power, the ability to change only "time" could be done.]

